Alright, Li Wushuang
Stop acting like a hooligan
Just talk about what happened between us
How are you going to solve it?
You have to break up the engagement with me, don't you?
Tang Aoxue is
I can't ask for it.
Then you slap yourself twice
Call yourself an ungrateful villain
Apologize to me again.
I will break off the engagement with you
Cut in two
What do you want me to apologize to you?
Are you crazy?
Let Mr. Tang give you an apology for selling fried noodles on the street
Brother, you have been kicked out of the family
Reduced to the street selling fried noodles
What dignity do you have? Take compensation.
Get out of here and find a village girl in the country
Live a lifetime
Isn't he fragrant?
What kind of bicycle do you want?
If his IQ were half that
It won't be reduced to selling fried noodles on the street
Alright, Li Wushuang
I'll 5 million you
Squeeze out the engagement with me
How about not owing each other?
I said no compensation.
I just want you to apologize.
You have to get along with me, don't you?
Is it me who can't get along with you?
Back then, you Tang Jiaren were majestic, dear.
I am the eldest prince of the Li family
The engagement was made at that time
You are grateful
Now you're about to break the engagement
Isn't that treachery?
Isn't that an apology?
It was my treachery.
Is it not that you are incapable?
That is.
A man cannot make his woman happy
Blame others for treachery
It's really rubbish
you
Li Wushuang
You still won't break the engagement with me, will you?
Confused so what?